Your word for today is
"lo voglio."
- Lo voglio.
Lo voglio.
♪ I found a love ♪
♪ For me ♪
♪ Darling. just dive right in ♪
♪ And follow my lead ♪
♪ Well. I found a girl ♪
♪ Beautiful and sweet ♪
♪ I never knew you were
the someone ♪
♪ Waiting for me ♪
♪ 'Cause we were just kids
when we fell in love ♪
♪ Not knowing what it was... ♪
All right. guys.
We're gonna go see Ms. Rigon.
Come on. let's go.
All right. here we go.
Come on in. Come on in. guys.
Okay. guys. here we are in
Ms. Rigon's class. Let's go!
- Hi!
- Yeah! All right.
Now I want you to reveal
your artwork on three.
Uno. due. tre!
Aw. it's so nice.
"Will you... marry me?"
Marry me in Rome. Italy.
-In Rome?
-Yeah.
Yes!
She said yes!
She said yes! She said yes!
Hey. Denise. what's going on?
She was just here.
She is here. So she's here?
She was here.
and then she wasn't.
Okay. Uh...
-I don't know where she is.
-I'm going to check the back.
Where are you going?
This is Heather.
Sorry I missed your call.
Leave me a message.
Hi. this is Heather.
Sorry I missed your call.
Leave me a message.
Heather! Heather. honey?
Come on. Oh.
Hey. Mrs. McNally.
I'm telling you. she was there
and then she-she just wasn't.
Call me if you hear anything.
okay? All right.
Ladies
and gentlemen.
we are cleared for takeoff.
We should be getting
off the ground shortly.
Denise. is-is Heather there?
No. Where are you?
What's going on?
I'm on a plane.
Sir. please put your phone away.
Okay. No problem.
I'm gonna do that.
What do I do with
all the guests?
Feed them. I don't know.
She just told you to
put your phone down.
I know. but it's
my wedding planner.
Really?!
Matt?
-I gotta go.
-Sir. put your phone away.
I'm not saying it again.
Okay. Okay. fine. Listen. call
me if you hear anything. okay?
I-I have to get off the plane.
Sir. sit down!
Sir. we are taking off!
I have to get off
the plane. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Listen-- No. no. no!
No grazie! No grazie!
She just needs space!
Buona sera. signore.
Hey.
Um. I'm just gonna need to move
some things around
with my reservation.
Okay. Name?
Yes. it's Matthew Taylor.
Yes. I see you already checked
into the honeymoon suite.
Congratulations.
No. no. no. no
congratulations yet.
I need to. uh.
postpone the honeymoon.
It's the
"Two Become One" package.
Is there something wrong?
At the moment. yeah. there is.
There is something wrong
right now. But it's all...
We're gonna need to shift
some things down a bit.
Shift?
The tour.
the dinner reservations.
the few days in Tuscany.
Let's just go ahead
and let's do it.
Yeah. you can. uh. shift it.
Mr. Taylor. I'm sorry.
but I cannot shift anything.
Yeah.
Even Ed Sheeran?
Ed Sheeran?
The concert tickets.
can I sell those?
I don't want to. They're great
seats and all. but it's just--
Sorry. but it's impossible.
Yeah. okay.
Look. I think we both know
things didn't go too...
too well today.
What do you say we just get
a refund on everything?
Mr. Taylor. I understand
your frustration. but...
I can do nothing.
This wasn't
supposed to happen.
If I was in your position.
Mr. Taylor.
I would just enjoy
the package myself.
Go see Italy. It's beautiful.
See the sights. Drink wine.
Eat lots of food.
Go on my honeymoon?
Call it what you want.
Honeymoon. vacation.
It's paid for.
I will keep this here with me
for when Mrs. Taylor returns.
Thank you.
Uh. Marcello.
Thank you so much. yeah.
-You're welcome.
-Yeah. okay.
Buona notte.
Oh. it's so nice to be
here. Are you having fun?
Yeah.
-Hey--
-You showing me something?
Tomorrow. that fountain... what
do we-- what do we do there?
Trevi?
We're going to go look at it.
-That's it? We just look at it?
-It's old.
Well. it's an old fountain.
We're gonna go.
I think you toss cash
in it or something.
-I don't know if there's fish.
-You want us to do the Trevi.
Well. that-that's
part of the tour.
Shh.
What is that?
That sound?
It's not any louder than you.
Well. I don't know about that.
-Just-- all right.
-Get your elbow over there.
Yeah. but you're on my side.
I'm reading my book.
- It's not a book. It's a
magazine. -
It's not even in English.
It's starting. We just got here.
It's starting. just like that.
Why does this happen
every single marriage?
Ma. I'm telling you.
there's nothing to worry about.
She just needs some space.
Everything's fine.
The wedding's still on.
I gotta be here.
Look. I can't start over again.
- You can start over.
Come home.
Uh. scusi? Un doppio espresso.
per favore.
Do-Donna. sweetheart.
what would you like?
Uh. sweetheart. Honey?
Uh. honey? Honey?
We're going to be late
for the tandem tours.
Honey. she has a baby.
And I'm gonna need you to
check your tone
because it's climbing
a little bit.
Okay.
Why don't you go ahead. yeah.
Honey. I'm just worried about
being late for this tour. okay?
I understand. but I need you
to respect me right now.
Oh. I do respect you.
I respect the baby. too.
But we-we should
really get going.
I'm proud of you.
Okay. we're going to be late.
Yeah. let's-- Okay. let's just--
We'll-We'll come back
for the coffee.
I got to go. Ma. I love you.
Hey. No. No. grazie.
No. grazie.
Sorry. Okay. Sorry.
Buongiorno.
Greetings
Uh...
May I have...
espresso
and...
croissant
espresso.
Um...
Uh... Um...
Come on.
give it to me.
Uh. "zoo... chero."
"Zoo-chero"?
Yes.
-"Zoo-chero."
-"Zoo-chero"?
"Zoo-chero." the thing?
I’m sick
of this stupid ball.
-"Zoo-chero."
-"Zoo-chero"?
"Zoo-chero."
They weren't playing with you.
The kids.
You have
to be careful.
Keep your eyes open in Rome.
Uh. sorry. It's...
Sugar.
Uh... uh. what is?
You say it wrong. Zucchero.
Not "zoo-chero."
Oh. I think--
No. I think it is "zoo-chero."
Only 'cause in the app it
says... Let me see. I'm sorry.
I'm pretty sure. yeah.
It's double C.
Go sit.
We'll take care
of you. Ok? Don't worry.
Just want "zoo-chero"
in-in the coffee.
Okay. Ciao.
Here it is.
Cappuccino with "zoo-chero."
-Grazie.
-Prego.
Sorry about that. too. I. uh...
I checked my app.
and. uh. you're-you're right.
It is. uh... z-zucchero?
Zucchero. It is. uh. difficult.
Sì. I should have known
you were right on that.
Sorry about that.
I'm trying to learn.
That’s it...
Is everything ok?
You seem a bit...
What?
No. because they are just kids.
and...
problem.
No. no. no. nothing.
I'm-I'm fine.
It wasn't... It's not them.
Um. if you are afraid to leave.
I sneak you out the back.
No. No. I'm okay.
Thank you so much.
By the way. there was
about 30 of them.
- Too many.
There was a lot.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
But we can take them.
Yeah.
- Uh. wow.
- Smile. Sì.
Yeah.
Cheer up. Zoo-chero.
You are in Rome. okay?
- Okay.
- Cheer up.
Thank you.
Okay.
Ciao.
What is wrong with your face?
What do you mean? I'm smiling.
Oh. yeah. no. don't do that.
Okay. try again.
Is that guy
by himself still?
How you doing?
In Rome? Yes!
She said yes!
She said yes! She said yes!
Looking dapper.
Mr. Taylor.
Give me the good news.
Still nothing yet.
I'm praying things work out.
Hm?
What are you doing?
I'm sorry?
Is this seat taken?
Uh. Yeah. Yeah.
that's for my fiancée.
Oh. yeah.
I'm sorry.
do-do I know you? Uh...
Oh. I've been
seeing you all day.
You on that honeymoon package?
-Yeah.
-The "Two Become One"?
-Yes.
-Where's your two?
I only see one.
Well. that's... that's personal.
I mean...
Oh.
Oh. it's a no-show.
Oh. Hey. scusi. Big Tuna.
Big Tuna. bring that over here.
No. no. Come. come. come.
Graz'. graz'.
Keep this. He's going
to need that.
He got left at the altar.
I... No. no. I never--
I never said that.
No. no. you didn't.
You said "fiancée." which means
you didn't get married.
What... What are you
talking about?
No. What are you--
Who are you? I'm sorry.
Oh. my name's Julian.
My friends call me Julie
or Jules. like family.
Name?
What do your friends call you?
Matt. They call...
Matty. Well. now that you're
single. you're gonna...
need a dirty rebound.
I-I-I don't need--
I'll tell you what I need.
You know what I need? I need to
be left alone.
if you don't mind.
-Aw. let me be your wingman.
-I don't need a wingman.
-Please!
-I'm not single.
Matty. something is broken.
Nothing's broken. We...
We're just putting a pause
on things right now.
And when-when she's ready.
-we're gonna resume.
-No. No.
See that smokefest over there?
Playing with the dingle balls?
That's Meghan. That's my wife.
We've divorced each other twice.
This is our third honeymoon.
I know what you're thinking. but
I was never left at the altar.
That you don't resume.
Okay. let's get out of here.
You know what I mean?
This whole scene's
a bit depressing now.
I'm not going anywhere.
I don't know who you are.
We're in the same package.
We'll get there.
-Bottoms up.
-I-I don't-- I don't drink.
Mm-hm.
Tonight you do.
Babe. what's
taking so long?
I don't know. I guess
they don't speak English here.
Honey. you gotta
speak Italian!
Ohh!
Hey guys! Guys. come here.
come here.
This is Matt.
He's on the same
honeymoon package as us.
Only he's solo mio.
Fiancée left him at the altar.
- but don't bring it up.
- That's not 100%.
This is-- this is-- uh. Phil.
Neil. Neil Simmons.
I'm a therapist. It's awful
what happened to you.
Hey. Whoa. whoa. whoa.
What'd I just say?
We're gonna work it--
we're gonna work it out.
-We're working it out now.
-Oh. good. Donna.
-Oh.
-So nice to meet you.
This is my lovely bride
and. uh. my therapist.
-Donna.
-He doesn't need to know that.
You married your therapist?
Ain't that against the rules?
Let it slide. babe.
They seem happy to me.
Let's get a couple of tables and
pull them together. eh. Matty?
-Great idea.
-Sounds great.
It's actually not
against the law.
Really? Sounds messy.
Hey. this guy didn't even
get down on his knee
to propose this last time.
Come on. I just had knee
surgery. for crying out loud!
Soon enough. I asked her out.
-I said no.
-She said no.
But. you know.
we kept it all a secret.
Until now.
Wow.
I thought we talked about
not sharing too much.
-I know. It's just--
-Change the subject.
Okay. I actually do have
a mild case of angina.
but the medication is--
Ah-ah-ah. An-gina.
Hey. why'd you get left?
Oh. come on. babe.
Give him some time here.
No. I want to know
who we're rooting for.
It could be his fault.
Yeah. you know. Meghan's right.
Like. we have to unpack this
-for Matthew's sake.
-No.
We could just respect
his personal space.
I think he needs to spend
some time in the gutters.
I'm gonna get a drink.
Anyone like a drink?
Look at the poor guy.
-He just got left flat.
-Gutters are good.
Hey. Can I get a drink. please?
Is weird.
I usually do not like Americans.
But you're different.
Are you
talking to me?
Mm-hmm. I'm Claudia.
I'm-I'm engaged though.
So. yeah.
I don't see a ring.
Uh... that's 'cause I'm engaged.
and I'm a-- I'm a man.
-Oh.
-So we don't do... you know?
Well. do
you love her?
My fiancée. I really... I do.
- I like your hair.
- Yeah.
Nope. definitely his fault.
Look at him.
He's already got
another one lined up.
That's what I'm talking about.
The gutters. babe.
Aw. that's not going to
help him. He needs to heal.
Oh. you're one of those guys.
What's that supposed to mean?
You know what it means.
All right. You--
Okay. you know what?
I'm going to go to the restroom.
-Donna. watch my drink.
-Take it with you.
I'm going to take it with me.
Mmm. So...
she just left you?
She did. But we're-we're-we're
working it out.
We're in the process of
-Aww!
-Yeah.
-No. my poor baby. No.
-Yeah. Oh. boy. Oh.
Oh. Thank you so much.
That's very sweet.
Very sweet of you.
but. uh. yeah.
How we doing? I could take
a beer. Whatever's easiest.
I gotta use
the washroom.
Okay.
Eh. don't go anywhere. Huh?
Okay. Oh. thank you so much.
Do you
have your wallet?
Thank you.
He's amazing.
He's alright.
Alright?
What're you talking about?
I can sing better.
Are you crazy? He's incredible!
I'm telling you...
Show me!
Go!
Go up there?
Yes!
No. no.
You like me. huh?
And I asked for one
thing. and then didn't get it.
And I was like. "All right.
How do...
How do you not
love Ed Sheeran?"
Do you know...
-You know what I'm saying?
-Scusi. guys.
Uh. bar's closed.
- Mm.
- Thank you.
There you go.
-Oop. right here.
-Yeah. yeah.
There you go. That's
just nice and easy.
-I know.
-There you go.
It's my birthday.
- Happy birthday...
- ...Claudia.
You're cute.
It's my honeymoon.
And what are you doing
here with me?
Celebrating your birthday.
Everything...
Everything is just...
Everything is just a mess.
you know?
And I...
I like... I always thought I'd
be married and have like kids
and everything like that.
But then I hit. like. 50.
and I realized...
...it may... it may not happen.
you know?
And then I met Heather.
It was so good.
And then. boof.
She's gone.
And just like that.
I'm...
- I'm alone again. you know?
And...
I just...
I'm too old to do this.
Where is she now?
She's somewhere out there.
And where are you?
I'm alone on my honeymoon.
No.
Where are you?
Look around...
Roma's beauty is here for you.
Don't let your heart
close your eyes to it.
Whoa.
She's the only woman
I ever loved.
She doesn't
have to be.
Call Heather.
This is Heather.
Sorry I missed your call.
Leave me a message.
Hey. Heather.
It's me again.
I don't...
know if you're getting these
messages or not.
Anyway. I miss you.
You know. I'm on the honeymoon.
I'm on it now.
We went to the fountain today.
and...
it's on a boat.
I miss you.
I wish you were here.
Julian's weird.
Oh. no. no.
No. Oh. no!
We're sorry.
Your call cannot be
completed as dialed.
Please check the number
and try again.
Buongiorno. Mr. Taylor.
She's still not here.
Okay.
Do you have my wallet? I don't
know what happened to it.
Did you bring your bundle sack?
No. I didn't pack it.
I didn't... I didn't
think I needed it.
Too much
fun last night. Zoo-chero?
Oh.
Uh. no. no. no. Just. uh. no
fun. Just a pounding headache.
-Try. try. Yes. Yes.
-Oh. okay.
-Whoa.
-No. no. no.
-Whoa. What--
-Drink. drink.
-Espresso grappa.
It's perfect mix.
-No. no. no.
No. I had so much last night.
I-I had too much. I--
Drink. drink.
Trust me.
- Mm?
- That's pretty good.
In Italian we
call it a richiamino.
Richiamino.
It's a small comeback.
Because when you drink
in the evening.
you must drink
in the morning.
Oh. the "hair of the dog."
-Hair of the dog?
-That's what they call it.
When you're drinking--
The American language.
it very strange.
-Yeah.
-Hair of the dog.
Did you pack it?
Oh. Grazie.
Oh. thank you so much.
She said.
"Pay attention in Rome."
Yeah. Oh.
Oof.
Um. so...
Why... What are you doing here?
Oh. um. uh. v-visiting.
-You know. Yeah.
-Oh. okay. Yes.
Alone? Or. um. or are you with
that woman from last night?
Oh. no. Definitely--
-No?
-Definitely not with her.
No. so... solo mio.
"Only mine"?
What?
No. because that's
what it means.
Solo mio. it's
"only mine."
What is this?
You ordered it. Drink it.
Hey. isn't that the chick
from last night?
It's Matty.
No. no. it's not the same chick.
That's a different gal.
She works here.
Oh. that. that is no longer
this. That is more like a...
Where did you learn Italian?
-I have an app.
-Because it's very--
- I got an app. And I'm on the--
- Ah. an app?
- Sì.
- Delete it. Okay?
-No. no. no. get off the app.
-Why? How am I going to learn?
It's better. I speak with me.
If you learn Italian.
I am perfect teacher. Okay?
Well. that's nice.
Thank you very much.
-I see you with the bike.
-Yes.
But the bike for two.
And you are alone.
Oh. Yeah. I. uh...
I booked it six months ago.
And. uh. I tried to shift
the whole tour
and do it. like.
another time.
Uh. because. uh... yeah.
Okay. You are a strange man.
Yes. sorry. but very strange.
What's your name?
Oh. I'm. uh. Matt. Matt Taylor.
-Matt Taylor.
-Okay.
-Yeah.
Good.
- And you are. uh...?
- Sì.
Like that? Oh. well...
It's a pleasure to meet you.
"Caffè del Sole."
- Gia.
- No. no. I know. I know.
I was just trying to be funny.
Sorry.
Okay. Keep trying.
That was nice.
I’m going to
get a coffee. sorry.
Okay. okay. Sorry.
- Matty! Matty!
Get a bike.
Scusi.
Uh. I was wondering if today I.
uh... I'm with the tandem tour.
We could get a-a
one-seater today.
What?
Uno. Uno-seater.
Impossible.
I think you got.
like. 20 bikes in here.
Go away. Bye.
There's a lot.
Make me
a coffee. please.
And find me Gia.
No. no. no. no!
Vincenzo...
If you
answered my calls.
I wouldn't have
to come here.
I know. but today
is not a day to talk.
We need to talk.
Very. very busy. Excuse me.
Gia.
You should
be in school!
- Come on. move it!
- Why? Where?
What are you talking about?
Whoa!
Oh my-- Where am I going?
I gotta get back to the tour!
I gotta get back to the tour.
Whoa. Oh. no. no. no.
Okay. okay. Oh.
Hey! I think that was Matthew.
-Who's on the back?
-Coffee lady.
Go. Matty! Go!
-Here. here.
-Okay. okay. okay.
Okay. Yeah. That was--
that was a lot of little bumps.
- You're okay?
- Yeah. fine.
Okay. Come on. Can-Can we eat?
-Okay.
-Andiamo.
Okay. Oh. wow. Okay.
Wow.
Enzo.
Gia. Ciao.
Hey.
Okay.
- He's very friendly.
- Wow.
Grazie.
Here's a flower!
Wow.
Gia!
Mwah!
Thank you.
Who is he?
Does he speak Italian?
No. he's American.
He doesn't understand Italian.
One rose for you.
-Oh. no. no. no.
-For the missus. for the missus.
We're not together. No.
Small money. small money.
Big help for my family.
No. no. I'm not--
But we're
just friends.
No. I swear.
Really!
Please. she's my daughter.
She's so cute. Come on.
-Okay. Yeah.
-Take this.
-That's all I want.
-One charge.
-Take that. that's fine.
-Oh. For you also.
Oh. Thank you.
I don't want any--
And one bag
for the missus.
Yeah. Okay.
You want something?
- No. no. no.
- Grazie. grazie. grazie.
Uh. you know what.
I'm just gonna put it...
I don't know.
He said it was for his family.
Yeah. Yeah.
Nice. Okay.
Wow. Where did that come from?
-Mwah!
-Yeah. That's--
Okay. All right. yeah.
How long have
you had the cafe?
- Three years.
- Three years?
-Yes.
-Wow.
I love it. but I will miss it.
You'll miss it? Why?
Uh. we are-- we are closing.
But why are you closing?
Um. he won't sell me
the building.
Your landlord?
Sì. yes. And why stay?
-Right.
-Ah.
Wow. What are you gonna do next?
I don't know. And you?
Um. what-what do you do.
Matt Taylor?
Oh. me? Um. I'm an art teacher.
I-I teach art.
-Ah.
-Yeah.
-Che bello. to be able to teach.
-Sì. Yeah.
You must be so... so talented.
Yeah. Well. fourth grade.
I teach fourth graders.
so it's not--
Someone gave you a job!
-Yeah.
-Ha!
And I do it
for the kids.
Kids? Wow. How many?
-Uh. 15.
-Fifteen?
Yeah.
All the same woman?
No. no. not my-not my kids.
Fifteen students.
I have 15 students in my class.
-Studenti.
-Sì.
- Ah. okay!
- Yeah.
No. no. Fifteen students.
Yeah. they're amazing.
I-I don't have any kids.
Do you have kids?
-No. no. No kids.
-Okay.
-Okay. Come on.
-What?
-Show me some art.
-What? Oh. all right.
Yes. yes. yes.
Okay. Actually. I'm very proud
of this. Here we go.
- There you go.
- Hmm. Wow.
You are not very good.
This is my kid...
My class made this for me.
Ah. it was studenti.
They made it for me
before I came to Italy.
Lookit. they drew
these pictures.
Oh.
-Ah...
-They cut your-your head off.
Yes. Had to have a talk
with his. uh. parents.
That was... that
was a weird one.
But. um...
Sorry. but I want to see...
your art. Your work.
Oh. I-I don't...
I don't have any.
I don't-I don't take pictures
of it anyway.
I don't believe you. Come on!
I'm serious.
I do like... I do. like.
hori-- like. uh. landscapes.
What?
I have a good idea.
Yes. because. um. make me
something. huh?
-You draw for me.
-No. but I draw landscapes.
Yes. it's okay. Get your
pencil. Come on!
I draw landscapes. I don't--
Can you paint a
portrait of both of us?
We came here on a tandem bike.
Smile. Don't move.
-That is not close to me.
-No. This is you.
-It's perfect.
-Why are my hands so little?
- I got tiny--
- Oh. my. my. Little. little.
-That's so beautiful.
-That's tiny.
-That's crazy hands.
-Oh. yes. It's beautiful.
I don't want-- Do you want this.
by the way?
No. no. no. Keep it. Okay?
Okay. Um. all right.
Well. then I'm gonna give you...
Hold on.
In my little bag of
tricks I got here.
-You want a fan?
-So nice.
-No? You sure?
-No. thank you. I'm sure.
Okay. All right. no worries.
Um... Ooh. then take a
phone charger.
You got to take a phone
charger.
-Uh. wow.
And you want to. alright?
Yeah. I had fun.
You know...
Thank you for the ride.
Thank you.
Thank you. I had a...
I had fun today.
You know.
-Prego.
-Ciao.
Ciao. ciao.
-Oh. I'm sorry.
-Okay.
No. wait.
wait. Okay? Stop. Like this.
Okay.
Hmm?
It's not hard. Don't be weird.
-Okay.
Ciao.
Ah. kiss my ass!
Julie?
Matty!
Everything okay?
Hundred percent!
Where'd you sneak off today
with the coffee lady. huh?
-No. I-I--
-Save it! Coming over!
What's going on?
I-I was just telling Julie--
I can't hear ya.
I'm coming over.
- Did you kiss her?
- What?
Did you kiss her?
I saw you on the bike today.
Oh. this room's gonna
work out good for you.
-This is nice.
-What are you talking about?
Did you kiss her?
-No.
-But you wanted to!
-No. She-she kissed me.
-Nice!
No! But it was weird.
Is that wrong. by the way?
It was one kiss.
each side though.
So that's a total of two.
She did the thing.
Where-- You know?
Yeah. It happens
all over Europe.
It doesn't mean a thing.
Was it fast or was it slow?
She. like. grabbed my face.
and then she was like. like...
Mmm. And then she was like--
Nice.
-See? Goodbye kiss.
-No. it's not.
Of course it is!
She was saying goodbye.
-No. it's not--
-What are you talking about?!
Goodbye kiss is like a.
"Mwah. mwah."
That. what you just
demonstrated was. um...
"I like you
more of espresso and tongue."
See? Did-Did you like it?
You did!
- Okay.
- You did!
Where'd you leave
things with Heather?
She blocked me.
Heather blocked you?!
-We can get through this.
-Done. Finished.
-I don't know--
-Single.
-You need some time.
-You are single.
He's not single.
You're not single.
That's what I'm talking about.
-Just swim a little bit.
-Take some time--
You spent the whole day
with the Italian coffee lady
and she kissed you!
You don't need an
Italian coffee lady.
On the cheek!
You gotta stop.
Please. guys! Guys. please!
I don't even know
you guys and you...
What the hell?
The hell you guys doing to me?
Okay. Let's just all sit down
and hit a hard reset.
Hmm?
What's with the
Ed Sheeran t-shirt?
What?
You're wearing an
Ed Sheeran t-shirt.
I like his music.
It's just a little odd.
He's allowed to like
what he likes.
Thank you. Yeah. I like what
I like. What's the big deal?
You're almost 60.
You're an old man
with an earring.
-You got a hoop earring.
-What's wrong with the hoop?
Matthew. he made a choice.
Yeah. A choice of. like.
what a pirate would make
or somebody's grandma.
I may not be a grandma.
but I am in a
loving relationship.
Okay. That's a little hurtful.
Loving? Real loving. Okay? You
divorced the same woman twice.
And married thrice. which is
three more times than you.
Okay. Guys. guys. guys.
Listen. listen.
This is starting to get
a little toxic. okay?
Toxic? What are you
talking about. toxic?
You are not even
a real therapist.
You married yours.
Excuse me?
Oh. yeah. Sparky.
I looked you up.
You are a physical therapist.
You wrap ankles.
Yeah. For the Orlando Magic.
That's the NBA. my friend.
I don't care. Neither does
Matty. He's just gotta move on.
Yes. maybe. but not right now.
Is that your opinion
or your therapist's?
Alright. Captain Jack.
You know what?
I am a thousand times
more qualified
to help him
than you are.
Okay. I don't need either
of you guys helping me!
This is... You-You're
not perfect.
You-Your relationships
aren't perfect.
Jules. I already know
your problem
with Meghan.
you know why?
'Cause you guys don't shut up.
You don't shut up!
Shut up. man!
And you're no better.
You and Donna. just 'cause you
don't raise your voice
doesn't mean it's not a fight.
Heather and I ne-- we never
did any of that. ever!
What we had was perfect.
But for some reason. you and...
you and Meghan
are still together.
and you and Donna
just got married. but...
Why not me?
What's wrong with me?
Matthew...
There's nothing wrong with you.
Our relationships.
however flawed.
they work because
we have a foundation.
I mean. the only thing
that brought Julian and Meghan
back together three times
was the foundation
that they built with each other.
No matter how mad
you guys are. right.
you both say "I love you"
when going to bed. am I right?
No. no.
"Going to bed not angry"
is kind of a amateur move.
Case in point.
They're not perfect.
Donna and I aren't
perfect either.
No relationship is.
Matty...
It's time that you accept it.
Heather... is gone.
I'm sorry.
Oh. my... You're crying too.
Yeah. I am.
And you?
Nah. I-I can't. I tried.
Gosh.
I mean. I'm sorry
about all this. man.
- I really am.
- No. no. no.
I won't hear of it.
I wonder
what these are?
Yeah. Those are
our wedding gifts.
- Don't--
- Oh...
Please don't touch those.
Probably a lot of
money in here.
Don't touch that. please.
That's ours.
Mine and Heather's.
Oh. no. no.
There's no more "ours."
Heather's gone. These are yours.
Listen. this is how
it's gonna unfold.
We're gonna open these up. keep
the cash and leave the checks.
and tonight. we're gonna
boogie-woogie hard.
and tomorrow we're gonna keep
the wheels on the bus a-rollin'
right into Tuscany.
Capichie?
I can't disagree with him.
I mean. it would be...
extremely cathartic.
Good! And I'm gonna invite
the coffee lady.
Line 'em up. buddy.
You know what. shots all over
for the whole bar.
Shots for the whole bar.
We don't
accept US dollars.
All right. you know what.
just start a tab.
Just the five. though.
not the... not whole bar.
Thanks.
The Neily Express has landed
in the station. everybody!
Hey. you guys didn't tell me
that they don't take
American cash.
They don't.
No. I had to start a tab.
Oh. man.
You invited her?
I did. She said she
couldn't come.
So she changed her mind.
I-I wonder why.
Zoo-chero! Ciao! Ah. bravo!
Perfetto. Two kiss. mwah. mwah.
Yeah. and I-I didn't
make it weird.
Long time. no see.
What do you mean?
I'm just saying. we were...
we were together a little...
-Ah.
-It's alright. Uh. sorry.
-Hey. do you want a drink?
-Shall we dance?
Do you want a drink?
Drink is good. Perfect.
Sure. All right. Come on.
What-What do you want?
I want what you want.
I-I don't know
what I want. so...
Ah. perfetto!
So. he-he was just knocking
on your door. huh?
Yes! Yelling. "Coffee lady!
Coffee lady!"
But is he-- is he crazy?
Hundred percent.
He's very. very crazy. Yeah.
- Neil!
- Yeah!
I can't anymore.
Can you get a song
that I can sing to?
I hear you. bro. and I got you.
The other... the other friends
you have a long time?
-Oh. no. no. I don't know them.
-No?
I don't know any of them. No. I
don't know him or his wife.
What?
♪ Day after day
I'm more confused ♪
Huh?
♪ Yet I look
for the light ♪
♪ through the pouring rain ♪
♪ You know that's a game
I hate to lose ♪
♪ And I'm feelin' the strain ♪
♪ Ain't it a shame? ♪
♪ Oh. give me the beat. boys.
and free my soul ♪
♪ I wanna get lost in your
rock 'n' roll and drift away ♪
-♪ Oh. give me... ♪
-That. uh. "Drift Away"?
- Well. that's. uh...
- What?
-That's random.
-Random?
It's. uh. it was just out of the
blue. The song. you know?
"The blue"? No. I don't know.
What does that mean?
Let's dance.
Oh. go!
Come on! Andiamo!
No. no. no. no.
-Vai!
-No. no. no!
-Why not?
-It's okay.
No. I'm just--
I don't public dance.
No.
Come on! Let's dance!
♪ Oh. give me the beat. boys.
and free my soul ♪
My woman! Right!
It's Dobie Gray!
- Come on. Dance with me.
- No. I--
Why am I-- You go dance...
Dance to the song!
- No!
- Dance with me!
I... I can't
even do that.
You!
Only one you've ever loved!
Huh?
Meghan! Go!
-Easy. easy. easy.
-Oh. Okay. okay.
No. no. It's okay. No. no. no.
No broke.
-Not broke?
-No.
I know because. um.
I-I broke my sister arm.
-You did? On purpose?
-Yeah.
And we were kids.
and I had a crush on this boy.
Alessio Brancato.
One day he arrives on this
orange Vespa. and I loved it.
-He was like a movie star. no?
-Right.
So he invites me for a ride.
but my sister jumped
on before me.
-"Get off or I break your arm."
-Ooh!
-You said this? Oh no! No!
-I told her--
-Yes. She go down.
-Oh!
She-she go down.
She-She break her arm.
I was like. "Oh. I
didn't mean to.
-But I told you."
-Yeah.
Yeah.
Alessio. sparito. took off.
-I think I scared him.
-I think you did.
- That's crazy.
- Yeah.
Okay. um. your hotel is
around the corner.
Yeah. um... I-I. um... the
soccer kids. though. maybe...
Am I gonna be okay going home.
or...?
-Uh. there is a risk. yes.
-Sì.
Um...
So a bit dangerous. I think.
But. um. if you want to.
if you are scared.
you-you can-can come in.
Oh. good. Yeah. it's safer.
-It's better.
-Much safer.
-And espresso if you want.
-That would work.
-If you want.
-No. I would do that.
-Okay.
- Prego.
- Okay.
Mm.
Do you need. uh. any help?
No. no. I got this. Thank you.
No. no. Play some music.
It's there.
-Okay.
-Okay?
Uh. what do you want to hear?
Um. anything. I want to hear
what you want.
Or do you not know?
I know music.
Perfetto. Bravo.
All right.
Okay.
That's good.
-What?
-This is my dessert.
-You made this?
-Yeah. with my hands.
Okay.
Are you serious?
-Yes!
-All right. bon appétit!
No. that's French.
Um. buon appetito.
Buon appetito. okay.
-Mm. wow. It's warm.
-Buono?
- Good?
- It's warm.
-It's so good.
-Yeah. I'm so happy.
Wow. Nice job.
So. what is your plan
for tomorrow?
Oh. we're going to. uh.
Tuscany to. uh...
We're going to a vineyard.
and they're gonna tell
us about wine.
Okay. You should go to
the Palio. absolutely.
And what is that?
Eh. what is it?
Um. famous horse race. okay?
It's happening this weekend.
And my family has
a horse racing.
Are you. uh. are you going?
No. no. no. I don't go anymore.
- But you should. because. um...
- It's crazy.
-A lot of fun. a lot of fight.
-Wow.
I think I had enough with
the fighting tonight.
That was enough for me.
Huh. But that didn't count
as a fight. She knocked you out.
No. no. I never--
I never went out.
-No. no. no. you went down.
-I couldn't get my hands up.
She was coming in very fast.
She was. like. lightning fast.
Fast and you...
Yeah. but I wasn't out. You keep
doing that like I'm out.
Don't worry. yeah.
it's a secret. okay?
All right. fine.
She's. uh...
- Mm.
- Wow.
What are you really doing here.
Matt Taylor?
I-I was in a
relationship that ended...
pretty bad.
Okay.
Me too. Yes.
Um...
He said he wanted kids.
and made me wait ten years.
And then I found out
why he was never ready.
Wh-Why?
Hard to take care of kids
when you are busy
with so many other women.
I'm not sure
why I told you that.
I never even
told my family.
They don't-- they don't know?
It was a sign.
I wasn't meant to be married.
I wasn't meant to be a mom.
I'm sorry.
No. no. no.
Don't be. okay?
Uh. in the past...
Uh. ci devi provare.
Wh-What is that?
-Ci devi provare.
-What is it?
You have to try.
Don't be afraid.
Um. take chances.
Okay?
I try everything.
I-I take chances all the time.
Oh. no. no.
You don't dance.
Eh. you are afraid of your art.
You didn't sing "Nessun dorma."
Just try. Matt. Just try. okay?
Even if it could hurt. just try.
Ci devi provare.
Um...
I was wondering if maybe
you want to come
to Tuscany
with us this week.
I have a. uh... Oh. I have an
extra ticket on. uh...
On the bus.
It-It's a double-decker.
but it's... the ticket is
Priority Plus
if you
want to come.
-Priority Plus?
-Yeah.
Okay. So. a bus is
Priority Plus?
It's the best
part of the bus.
Okay.
I never travel in Priority Plus.
Okay. thank you.
Um. grazie.
- All right.
- Nice. okay.
Priority Plus.
Okay.
Tutti Toscana!
Hey. Neil-sy.
check out our guy.
Check him out.
Matthew. you have to tell her.
I wouldn't do that. no.
It's dishonest.
And what exactly is
he being dishonest about?
He brought another woman
on his honeymoon.
Hey. just keep it down.
She's sitting in Heather's seat.
Yeah.
They're holding hands
like a couple of schoolkids.
Well. let's not ruin it
for them. okay?
My house with my family. okay?
-Oh. yes!
-Yes!
Oh.
It's just a bus ride.
Look. she has family in Siena.
I-I-I had an extra ticket.
- It's just a reward.
- Hey. you!
Gia just invited us all
to her family's villa.
Do we have time?
Oh. we got time. right. Matty?
-Yeah. I mean. yeah.
-Yeah.
- Yay!
- Salute.
It's not just
a bus ride anymore.
He's right. It's not.
It's time to meet the famiglia.
Oh!
Hey!
Hey! Hi!
Oh. you-you met
Andrea Bocelli?
Yes. This is. um.
after the concert. Yeah.
Wow. You met him-- you met him a
few times.
- I love this. So cute.
- That's insane.
This is... wow!
I mean. you guys
are really big fans.
For me. he's. uh.
the best.
Okay. Come. Come with me.
Wow!
What the--?
He's my uncle. Yeah.
Why didn't you tell me
Andrea Bocelli was your uncle?
Uh. I-I just did.
Whoa!
He played
with Ed Sheeran!
Bravo!
Benvenuti. Welcome to my house.
Wow!
Matt Taylor! Sorry.
Can you go with Andrea
to get some tomatoes?
Yeah. Um... Oh. but I had
a little wine.
Maybe I
shouldn't drive.
Mm-hmm. You don't need to.
Tranquilo. Ciao.
Quanto costa?
- Are you kidding me?
- No. yes!
-Are you kidding me?
-No. I'm not kidding.
I gotta pay. I have to pay.
No. no. no. I do it.
Thank you so much. Mr. Bocelli.
No. no. no. Don't worry.
Thank you very much.
Okay. Matt.
Let's go.
-Let's go.
-Andiamo.
Good luck at
the Palio. Andrea!
Thank you. Giglio!
We will win!
Matty. Matty. How crazy is this?
We're having the best time
in Bro-celli's house.
Okay. First of all. it's
Bocelli. All right.
Let's take it easy with
the drinking.
I haven't
had anything yet.
Your teeth are purple.
I've had two wines.
I'm a little nervous.
Okay.
Gia. how are you?
Good. good. Thank you.
I wanted to talk to you
the other day.
I had things to do.
Where did you come from?
Um... Matt. uh.
this is Vincenzo.
Ciao.
Americano?
- Yeah.
- So are we.
That's my lovely bride.
Donna. down there.
- Hi.
- Ciao.
Hi.
How do you know
all these people?
Mm. We're all in the same
honeymoon package together.
Meghan!
Congratulations.
And you too?
Oh. uh...
I met her at her cafe.
Her cafe? It's my cafe.
Eh. Vincenzo owns the building.
Oh. he's your landlord?
Oh. okay.
Yes.
I used to be more.
Sorry. He's a very.
um. competitive man.
Continue.
Andrea. can we
say grace. please?
Sure. it's a good thing.
Lord. we thank you
for this food.
Bless this wonderful family...
And all our new friends.
- Amen.
We also add a
little prayer
for our horse.
Mistico.
Tomorrow. may he conclude
the Palio as a victor!
Mistico!
Oh. salutes! Yes!
-Cheers!
-Salute.
What about a prayer for
my horse. Andrea?
You'll need
more than prayers.
And you need more than Mistico
to beat Onda tomorrow.
Mistico is a great horse.
Yes. a great horse
that you left behind.
Mistico was once mine.
a gift from Andrea.
Ne-ne-ne-ne-neve!
You always did have
a hard time seeing
anything through.
What did you just say?
I guess that makes two of us!
Are you really
giving up the cafe?
Yes. because now you'll have
no reason to see me anymore.
Ne-ne-ne-ne-neve!
Okay. Vincenzo.
Let's say Mistico wins tomorrow.
you sell me the building.
And when mine crosses
before yours?
I renew the lease.
Okay.
Ne-ne-neve!
- Salute.
Salute.
May the
best horse win!
Okay...
-Oh boy. Okay.
-Try.
-Is this one?
-Yes. Good?
- Oh!
- No?
Very sour and it just...
it had a bug on it.
Sorry!
Is this what you
brought me here for?
Uh. no. no. no. no. no.
Uh. come.
This is it.
Landscapes.
What do you think?
It's... beautiful.
Can you paint for me?
Uh. I can.
-Yes?
-Um. yeah.
Uh. but I guess that would mean
I had to come back sometime.
Don't leave.
Stay.
Um. come to the race
with me tomorrow.
Yes.
-Yes?
-Yeah. I'm in.
I will do that.
-Okay.
-Yeah.
Molto bene. You are not so
afraid anymore.
I like this Matteo.
Oh.
He... He needed much help.
It's not hard.
Don't be weird.
I-I-I...
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
No. no. no.
There's something
I gotta tell you.
I... Man. I don't know.
I should have told
you this before.
Um... it's just...
No. what is it?
You-You're not married?
-No.
-Ah. Okay.
But I was supposed to be
a few days ago.
Look. I-I didn't-- and I didn't
expect this to happen.
But I gotta tell you.
I-I like-- I...
I love spending time with you.
What? But
you were going to get married.
No. I mean. yes. I was.
But she-she left me.
And it-it wasn't meant to be.
Look at this. here.
She left me this.
It wasn't-- It wasn't
meant to be.
I-I didn't know how to tell you.
And...
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I didn't
know this was going to happen.
And I didn't... Please.
Look. you helped me
remember a part of myself
that I haven't seen
in a long time.
I'm sorry.
I can't. I'm sorry.
No.
Is she crying?
I've been there. brother.
Don't waste your time.
You told her?
-Yeah.
-Aw.
Well. you know.
you can't really blame her.
I know. I just...
Hey. you were honest.
It's okay to not be okay
if you're not okay.
Look. I...
I don't know what...
what the hell I'm
even doing here.
I'm supposed to be married.
I'm 4.000 miles away in
Andrea Bocelli's house.
and I just...
I don't know.
You know. Neil used to schedule.
like. this unnecessary amount
of appointments with me.
just to be in the same
room with me.
And it wasn't until
the 24th session that I realized
there was something maybe there.
But then he asked me out. And.
of course. I couldn't say yes.
The whole patient-therapist
thing. it's weird.
Not legal.
It is actually illegal.
And then one day. he just barged
right into my office
and declared his love for me.
But. you know. after I had
security escort him out.
that's kind of when I realized
Neil didn't give up on me.
Aw.
You know. after our
first divorce.
I was in such a bad space.
And I just went to Cancún with
girlfriends just to get away.
And suddenly. there's this huge
commotion on the beach.
We thought it was
like a baby seal
trapped in a net
or something.
No. it was my Julie trying
to swim to shore.
- Aw.
- He didn't have a passport.
so. yeah. it was--
Anyway. he does give up on me.
but never for that long.
I think what we're trying
to say is if it's real.
-don't give up on her.
-Yes.
She wants to know what are
you going to do to win her over.
Like. over and over again
in some cases.
Yeah.
All you have to do is try.
Ci devi provare.
Yeah.
What did he say?
"Cheeseburger provadi."
♪ Nessun dorma ♪
This is the best day
of your life.
of my life. Jules.
-I think so.
-I think so too.
♪ Nessun dorma ♪
Yes!
-Matt! Matty!
-Matthew!
That's what
I'm talkin' about!
Wow!
Bravo!
Wow! Matty! So good!
Gia.
Good Luck.
Grazie.
Delicious grape right off
the vine. babe.
-Try it. Mm.
-No. no.
What's wrong with you?
I just really miss Matty.
Mr. Taylor. checking out early?
Ah. sì.
Well. hope you enjoyed
your time here.
Thanks. Marcello.
So. um. how are you?
Yeah.
Matt. I'm so sorry.
I... I shouldn't have run.
I was just... I was just scared.
And I'm still scared.
I don't know what I'm doing.
I... You know.
maybe I made a mistake.
You know. maybe we
could still fix this.
Hey. you didn't do
anything wrong.
It's not your fault.
I couldn't make you happy.
And I want you to be happy.
I wish
I'd handled it differently.
I should have been honest
and just talked to you. and I--
It's not who--
It's not who we were.
We didn't want to
lose what we had
because we were afraid
of being alone.
Yeah.
Are you gonna be okay?
- I'm glad.
- Me too.
Are you all right?
Um. yeah.
Yeah.
I will be.
I wish you would have given me
the letter a little sooner.
-Right.
-That would have...
I didn't write it till the
morning we were getting married.
-Oh.
-So. it's. you know--
It was the greatest breakup
letter I ever received. so...
I had help with it.
This woman at the coffee shop.
she. um...
She saw that I was...
I was really struggling.
And she said that
if I was having doubts.
I couldn't marry you.
She was right.
Ciao. Gia.
Vincenzo. I
already signed the lease.
You didn't have to come here.
I know.
I came to say hello...
And to make you an offer.
But why. Vincenzo?
I lost the bet.
I know.
But I can't keep
the cafe forever.
Thank you.
Thank you. Vincenzo.
You better go get him.
No. it's too late.
He's already gone.
He's out there waiting
for you on a motorcycle.
Go!
I'm going to a concert.
I got an extra ticket.
You wanna go?
No. No. no. no.
Okay? Um. I need to say the
truth. because. um...
Um. the day of your wedding.
she was in my shop.
It's incredible. And I-I just
wanted to help. okay?
Gia. I-I know.
-You don't understand.
-Listen to me.
I do. Listen. she told me.
All right? You did a good thing.
Okay. You lied to me.
You broke up my wedding!
My life upside down!
-You understand that?
-I did it. I'm sorry.
And all of a sudden. now you're
here. and now I'm asking you.
Oh! Sorry.
This is beautiful.
Where did
you get this?
I traded Heather's
ring in for it.
It's not a Vespa. but it's
got some orange.
and it's a lot faster.
-No. it's better.
-A Vespa's not gonna work.
- All right?
- Right.
Hey. Come with me. please.
Come with me.
-Yes!
-I said yes. Andiamo!
-Let's go. Andiamo!
You like Ed Sheeran?
Do you know the streets?
-What are you talking about?
-I'm driving.
You're not driving.
Are you kidding me?
-It's not a Vespa.
-Okay.
This is not a Vespa.
All right. Yeah. yeah.
Ahh!
Miss...
No smoking here.
It's my birthday.
- Hey. Marcello!
- Ciao!
Arrivederci.
Mr. and Mrs. Taylor!
Okay.
Come on. let's go. Let's go.
Go. go. go.
- Sì. sì.
Here you go.
That's two. two. two.
Okay. Grazie. grazie.
♪ ...hurt sometimes ♪
Wow.
♪ But it's the only
thing that I know ♪
♪ And when it gets hard ♪
♪ You know it can get
hard sometimes ♪
♪ It is the only thing
that makes us feel alive ♪
♪ So you can keep me ♪
♪ Inside the pocket of
your ripped jeans ♪
♪ Holding me closer till
our eyes meet ♪
♪ You won't ever be alone ♪
♪ And if you hurt me ♪
♪ Inside that necklace you got
when you were sixteen ♪
♪ Next to your heartbeat.
where I should be ♪
♪ Keep it deep
within your soul ♪
♪ And if you hurt me
Well. that's okay. baby ♪
♪ Only words bleed ♪
♪ Inside these pages.
you just hold me ♪
♪ And I won't ever let you go ♪
♪ You go ♪
♪ When I'm away... ♪